---
title: Week 6
author: Shashwat Anand
---

## Milestones
- [x] Made a document for different use cases of catalogue service
- [x] Conducted few experiments using chatGPT to test mapping between two Open API specifications.
- [x] Started working on a document for optimizing the search performance in search building block.

<!-- ## Screenshots / Videos  -->

## Contributions
https://github.com/beckn/building-blocks/issues/4#issuecomment-1678496868

## Learnings
- Open API 3.0 - The OpenAPI Specification (OAS) defines a standard, language-agnostic interface to HTTP APIs which allows both humans and computers to discover and understand the capabilities of the service without access to source code, documentation, or through network traffic inspection. When properly defined, a consumer can understand and interact with the remote service with a minimal amount of implementation logic.

- Prompt Engineering - Prompt engineering is the process of structuring text that can be interpreted and understood by a generative AI model. A prompt can be a description of a desired output such as "a high-quality photo of an astronaut riding a horse", a command such as "write a poem about leaves falling", or a longer statement including context, instructions, and input data.

- Beckn Core Specifications - It defines a generic, abstracted API that when implemented allows domain-agnostic interoperable e-commerce transactions between a buyer and seller irrespective of which platform they are on. An analogy similar to this would be the case of SMTP specification that allows email communication between any two platforms that have implemented the same specification.