---
title: Week 1
author: Swatishree Mahapatra 
---

## Milestones
- [x] Onboarded to the project and learnt more about DocGenerator's working and issues.
- [x] Understood the requirements of my project and C4GT program deliverables and discussed about establishing feedback loops with mentor.
- [x] Researched design principles and wireframes that will be helpful in designing an UI/UX for Doc Generator.
- [x] Started learning Next.js that was the agreed frontend tech stack for Doc Generator.
- [x] Understood the high level workflow and requirement for the UI. 
- [x] Started working with Nest.js to understand the backend side of code. 

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions

- [Backend API](https://github.com/Samagra-Development/Doc-Generator/pull/160)

## Learnings
- **Understanding DocGenerator in depth:**
I invested time to go through the backend of the project, the issues - especially the specification in all the UI related issues that gave me deeper insight into what is the end goal and in which direction I should proceed. Understanding the backend and APIs also helped me to understand how data will be sent and fetched from the backend to the client-side. 

- **Implemented design thinking to design the UI from scratch:** Researching and going through existing websites helped me to creatively think how best the website can be designed and subsequently developed so as to have an easy-to-use yet appealing frontend. This also involved learning the use of advanced features of Figma.
