---
title: Week 4
author: Arush Sharma
---

## Milestones
- [x] Significant progress has been made in the successful configuration of the Keycloak admin dashboard. The dashboard now serves as a centralized and user-friendly interface for efficiently managing Keycloak settings and configurations.
- [x] Thorough testing of the platform has been conducted to validate its functionality and reliability. Rigorous testing scenarios involved creating new user accounts and generating access tokens for diverse user roles. This was done to get a understanding of the workflow of the platform.
- [x] Exhaustive research on the upgrade process, including official release notes, migration guides, and community best practices, has been undertaken. The primary focus during the upgrade is to ensure data integrity and prevent any potential loss or corruption of critical information.
- [x] Making a presentation for mid-point demo showcase of my progress until now.

## Screenshots / Videos 
[Keycloak homepage](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dh92P-UeaQMRMeh4t3CfPOptXuGnP-qI)
## Contributions

## Learnings
- The hands-on experience of version 7 provided a comprehensive understanding of the platform's behavior, including user management, access control, authentication protocols, and other essential functions.
- By devling into best practices and industry guidelines gained robust knowledge base on how to meticulously plan and execute version upgrades while mitigating the risk of data loss.
- Reviewer Feedback:
    - Presentation link - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16kTfJwvcn-fBqCxeiH6d6R3ySuj83Bsx/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107723960595336439944&rtpof=true&sd=true
    - The reviewer recommended integrating AI tools for increased efficiency and effectiveness in the project. Due to the large database, a direct upgrade from version 7 to version 20 is not feasible. Instead, the suggested approach involves multiple incremental version upgrades, ensuring data integrity throughout the process. Proper planning and cautious iterations are necessary to avoid data loss during migration.
