---
title: Week 8
author: Arush Sharma
---

## Milestones
- [x] Dealing with data loss and debugging script for smooth migration.
- [x] Setting up keycloak version 12 and importing the data base from version 7.

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions
- Made changes to the standalone-ha.xml file in the configuration directory after compairing the configurations from Keycloak 7.
  https://github.com/Arush04/Sunbird_Lern/commit/c3339b6bbea8b25e7dba5c37897c15e5a26c456d
## Learnings
**Backup and Data Loss Prevention:**
Before embarking on any upgrade, ensuring comprehensive backups of the existing data is critical. In this case, I backed up the Keycloak version 7 database to prevent data loss. This practice of thorough backup helps mitigate potential issues and ensures a safety net in case something goes wrong during the migration process.

**Script Debugging:**
While implementing the migration script for moving data from version 7 to version 12, I realized the importance of thorough testing and debugging. Even with a well-structured script, unexpected errors and issues can arise due to differences in database structure, configuration changes, and compatibility issues. Rigorous testing and careful debugging helped in identifying and resolving these problems effectively.

**Version Compatibility:**
Upgrading from one major version to another, like version 7 to version 12, often involves changes in data structures, APIs, and configurations. I learned that understanding the version compatibility matrix and release notes is crucial for a smooth migration. Incompatibilities can lead to data corruption and functional issues, highlighting the importance of research before initiating an upgrade.
