---
title: Week 3
author: Arush Sharma
---

## Milestones
- [ ] Conducting a comprehensive analysis of the LMS service documentation and Keycloak documentation has provided valuable insights into the seamless integration between the two platforms.
- [ ] By utilizing the Service Provider Interface (SPI) offered by Keycloak, we can effectively customize login, registration, forgot password workflows, and federated user provider functionalities within our LMS. This integration ensures a smooth user experience and enhanced security measures for the platform.
- [ ] I focused on understanding the properties and services provided by the latest Keycloak version, 20.0.0. This version boasts several notable improvements and additions over the current version we are utilizing. Key highlights of version 20.0.0 include enhanced authentication mechanisms, improved performance, upgraded theme customization capabilities, and a more streamlined admin dashboard. These advancements promise to offer a more user-friendly experience for administrators and end-users alike.
- [ ] To gain further clarity on the workings of the Keycloak admin dashboard, I have initiated the process of compiling Keycloak version 20.0.0 locally. This endeavor will enable me to explore the features of the latest dashboard, understand the navigation, and test various administrative actions. Ultimately, this hands-on experience will empower us to utilize the admin dashboard more efficiently and make informed decisions regarding the upgrade to version 20.0.0.

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions

## Learnings