---
title: Week 6
author: Arush Sharma
---

## Milestones
- [x] Execution of Data Backup and Migration for Established Realms, Clients, and Groups.
- [x] Thorough Review of Keycloak Version 12 Documentation for Platform Enhancement.
- [x] Proficient Adoption and Operation of Jenkins Automation Framework.

## Screenshots / Videos 
[Jenkins in workflow](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14UzVb9qMombusKyqzUEvDdMAPM-OdtoH)

## Contributions
- Prepared a data migration script for data migration from keycloak 7 to keycloak 12
  https://github.com/Arush04/Sunbird_Lern/commit/7554f787a05b1d10fcf86e6f5c05c548f24d9f4e
## Learnings
- **Acquired In-depth Understanding of Data Migration Strategies and Data Loss Mitigation During Version Upgrades:**
Gained comprehensive insights into the intricacies of data migration processes, specifically focusing on the strategies to mitigate data loss during version upgrades. This learning underscored the importance of preserving data integrity and informed strategies to ensure seamless transitions.
- **Proficiency Attained in Linux Backup Procedures and Extractive Techniques:**
Mastered the art of executing backup procedures within the Linux environment, meticulously comprehending the methodologies and intricacies involved in creating data backups. Additionally, acquired expertise in the systematic extraction of backed-up data when necessitated, enhancing proficiency in safeguarding critical information.
- **Comprehensive Familiarity with Jenkins and Its Strategic Role in Data Migration Optimization:**
Attained a comprehensive understanding of the Jenkins automation platform, delving into its functionalities, capabilities, and strategic implications in the context of data migration. This learning enabled the optimization of data migration processes by harnessing Jenkins for enhanced efficiency and streamlined outcomes.
