---
title: Week 7
author: Arush Sharma
---

## Milestones
- [x] Setting up jenkins using docker.
- [x] Configuring jenkins to set up pipeline for upgrading version of keycloak.
- [x] Create a data migration script that handles data migration from Keycloak version 7 to version 12.

## Screenshots / Videos 
- Jenkins Login Page after completely setting it up locally.
  [Jenkins Login Page](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1d7NIw2TrHvoGyFCvcPguhHJ2HWzK-GtH)
- Jenkins Dashboard.
  [Jenkins Dashboard](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WkOQn6s1T3tfEXNKozD4L8Eg8j4ikbrL)
## Contributions

## Learnings
- **Setting and Managing Jenkins:**
Docker provides an isolated environment for Jenkins, making it easy to package Jenkins along with its dependencies. This approach simplifies installation and configuration, ensures consistent behavior across different environments, and simplifies scaling.

- **Configuring Jenkins for different types of projects:**
Setting up a Jenkins pipeline for upgrading Keycloak involves creating a Jenkinsfile that describes the entire upgrade process. We need to define stages like "Backup," "Data Migration," "Testing," and "Deployment." Within each stage, we can specify steps such as running shell scripts, executing commands, and invoking plugins.

- **Creating a Data Migration Script for Keycloak Upgrade:**
Creating a data migration script involves analyzing the differences in the database schema, configurations, and data structures between Keycloak version 7 and 12. The script should encompass steps to back up the existing data, transform data to match the new schema, update configurations, and ensure data consistency. Learning about database schema evolution, SQL scripting, and version-specific differences in Keycloak's database structure is important. By testing the migration script on a controlled environment, you learn how to handle potential issues and ensure the script's accuracy.
