---
title: Week 4
author: Amol Singh
---

## Milestones
- &#x2611; Documentation of research by thoroughly examining multiple alternatives to Keycloak. Each alternative's unique features, limitations, and architectural aspects are meticulously assessed to aid in selecting the most suitable solution for specific use cases.

- &#x2611; The report delves into the fundamental features of each alternative, such as user management capabilities, support for various authentication protocols (e.g., OAuth, SAML, OpenID Connect), single sign-on mechanisms, and multifactor authentication options. Additionally, the examination includes insights into the ease of integration with existing systems, support for multi-tenancy, and customization capabilities.

## Learnings
- An important learning is the significance of conducting a comprehensive assessment of multiple alternatives to Keycloak. By examining the unique features, limitations, and architectural aspects of each alternative, we can gain valuable insights into which solution aligns best with their specific use cases and requirements. This informed approach allows to make more confident and well-informed choices when selecting an identity and access management solution specially, for a large-sized projects like Sunbird-Lern.

- Reviewer's Feedback (Mid-Point Demo-Case):

  1.) Meticulously documenting all research pertaining to various authentication systems ensures a comprehensive understanding and effective referencing throughout the development process.

  2.) During the integration of a new authentication system, utmost care must be taken to safeguard against any potential data loss, thereby ensuring a seamless and secure transition.

- Presentation Link: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pKFqxQfF8DV8B3W5rAjs5V9zw1rMJspZnCMOKzejYEc/edit?usp=sharing