---
title: Week 5
author: Sahajpreet Singh
---

## Milestones
- [x] Discussed and reviewed the feedback received from the midpoint demo showcase with the mentor.
- [x] Initiated the integration of the proof of work (PoW) functionality into the original FarmStack repository.
- [x] Began the process of integrating the API Builder frontend with the FarmStack frontend repository.
- [x] Explored opportunities for incorporating Beckn network concepts into the project to enhance interoperability.

## Contributions
- Original FarmStack Backend Repository: [FarmStack Backend](https://github.com/digitalgreenorg/datahub-api)
- Original FarmStack Frontend Repository: [FarmStack Frontend](https://github.com/digitalgreenorg/farmstack-frontend)

## Learnings
1. **Feedback Incorporation:** Collaboratively discussed and analyzed the feedback received from the midpoint demo showcase with the mentor, identifying areas for improvement and further refinement.
2. **Integration Process:** Started the integration of the proof of work (PoW) functionality into the FarmStack backend repository, gaining practical experience in merging new features into an existing codebase.
3. **Frontend Integration:** Began the process of integrating the API Builder frontend components with the FarmStack frontend repository, learning about the challenges and considerations involved in combining different frontend modules.
4. **Enhancing Interoperability:** Explored the incorporation of Beckn network concepts, with the aim of enhancing the project's ability to exchange data and interact with other services, broadening the project's potential impact.
