---
title: Week 1
author: Shivam Chaturvedi 
---

## Milestones
- [x] Understanding the code base and determining the widget scope.
- [x] Create a project plan and outline the specific tasks required for the conversion.
- [x] Started learning about different components of Angular required for development of widget.


## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions

## Learnings

🎯 Milestone 1: Understanding the code base and determining the widget scope

I went through the code base roughly to understand how the components were connected. I learned how to review the workings of such a large codebase, and also how a commercial code is written and maintained. I figured out the initial scope of the widget and how it can be implemented, in sunbird ed which I would expand to have general capabilities for integrating with other apps too.


🎯 Milestone 2: Create a project plan and outline the specific tasks required for the conversion. 

I created a rough project plan to be implemented in the coming weeks, which I would be updating as I progress. I also created a rough outline of the tasks required for the conversion of the widget. I learned how to create a project plan and how to break down a large project into smaller tasks.


🎯 Milestone 3: Start learning about different components of Angular required for development of widget.

I learned about angular CLI and how angular components can help in making an app which can be integrated into other apps without affecting their functionalities. Since I haven't worked in angular before this was a great learning experience for me. I plan to learn more about angular in the coming weeks too along side working on the widget.

