---
title: Week 3
author: Shivam Chaturvedi
---

## Milestones
- [x] Resolving errors that are operating system specific.
- [x] Compensating with the delay due to unavailability of mentor by learning about players in Sunbird Ed.
- [x] Developing widget codebase.

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions

## Learnings

🎯 Milestone 1: Resolve errors that are operating system specific.

Since working on windows, I had a lot of issues building the project. It took hours of meeting with mentors trying to resolve these issues. I learned that setting up a well built project can be difficult if you haven't built it from scratch as it requires many dependencies from speciofic version of packages. It also depends on the OS you are working on and thus it can be difficult to understand and remove those errors even by the creators of the project.


🎯 Milestone 2: Learning about sunbird ed players

I started learning about the architecture of the content detail page and the media players which are to be displayed on it. I learned about the different players that are used in sunbird ed and how they are integrated into the content detail page. I also learned about the different types of content that can be displayed on the content detail page and how they are rendered. I learned that a lot of planning goes into making a product before actual development starts. 


🎯 Milestone 3: Developing widget codebase

I started with developing the frontend for the widget from the designs that I created on figma. Writing in angular was difficult but as I was working I realized how it is better for development of independent and extensible components like widgets.