---
title: Week 4
author: Sandeep Pillai
---

## Milestones
- [x] Revised Week 3 PR with feedback from weekly meetings.
- [x] Worked on developing a configurable search component.
- [x] Prepared a presentation and workflow illustration for the midpoint showcase.

## Contributions
- [PR - In Progress](https://github.com/beckn/BAP-Boilerplate-SDK/pull/8)
- [Presentation - Midpoint Showcase](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFp7wen6OM/WzuxeAlZ_cqJbyUH4x-DJA/view?utm_content=DAFp7wen6OM&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=publishsharelink)

## Learnings
Learnings from my Reviewer/Mentor, Faiz Mohammed:

- Code Reusability: I learned essential concepts related to code reusability from Faiz. Understanding how to write reusable code can significantly improve the efficiency and maintainability of the project.

- Modularity: Faiz stressed the significance of ensuring that each micro-frontend component is highly configurable and modular. This approach allows the components to be adaptable and versatile, making them effective for various domains under the Beck protocol.

- Catering to Diverse Domains: I learned how to design components that cater effectively to a wide range of domains within the Beck protocol. This adaptability ensures that the project can handle diverse scenarios and use cases.

- Enhanced Preparedness: Faiz's guidance has made me feel more prepared to tackle the project. I have gained confidence in my abilities and approach to developing the micro-frontend components.






