---
title: Week 3
author: Sandeep Pillai
---

## Milestones
### [Build Search Component which will search by item name](https://github.com/beckn/BAP-Boilerplate-SDK/issues/5)
- [x] Built a search component in React Native for taking input from the user.
- [x] Sends request to the protocol server with user location and items to be searched.

## Contributions
### [Pull Request 3](https://github.com/beckn/BAP-Boilerplate-SDK/pull/8) 

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Learnings
Building a search component in React Native and integrating it with the protocol server to send requests based on user input and location was a rewarding experience that brought several valuable lessons. One key learning was the significance of user-centric design and ensuring a seamless and intuitive interface for inputting search queries. Understanding user behavior and preferences allowed me to create a more efficient and user-friendly search component. Additionally, the process of integrating the protocol server taught me the importance of handling asynchronous operations and error scenarios gracefully, ensuring the app remains responsive and reliable. Working on this milestone also deepened my understanding of API communication, data serialization, and parsing responses effectively, leading to a smoother interaction between the React Native app and the protocol server. Overall, the experience of building and connecting these components has provided me with invaluable insights into mobile app development and server integration, which I can leverage to enhance future projects.