---
title: Week 1
author: Venu Choudhary
---

## Milestones

- [x] Requirement Analysis
- [x] Setting up of Sunbird RC server locally
- [x] Building a basic API service & implementing a dummy client call to API server


## Description

### Milestone 1 : Requirement Analysis
##### Overview
The purpose of this milestone was to perform a detailed requirement analysis for the project. The analysis involved understanding the project's objectives, identifying key features, and gathering necessary information to guide the development process.

#### Results
- Contributions are going to be on [sunbird-rc-core](https://github.com) repo.
- The project focusses on the backend work which requires familiarity with Java spring-boot.
- APIs that needs to be connected are - [Issuer-Agent](https://github.com/dhiway/issuer-agent)
- Majority of the work is to find components where we need to make the API calls and integrate them with the existing framework.


### Milestone 2 : Setting up sunbird-rc backend server

- Setting up of Sunbird RC backend server is the first step towards this project. The setting up of project locally requires familiarity with Java spring-boot, postgres, docker.
- The major challenge here was setting up of a proper environment for development i.e configuring environment variables.

### Milestone 3 : Building a basic API service & implementing a dummy client call to the server

The purpose of this milestone was to get familiar with writing and calling external APIs in java spring-boot, so that once we are able to locate the components where we need to make API calls, it won't take much time.

