---
title: Week 9
author: Vansh
---

## Milestones

- [x] Improving the UI and adding notifications
- [x] Validation of email with backened stored email
- [x] Most appropriate Bulk output for csv file input

## Screenshots / Videos

## Contributions

[Github_Repo](https://github.com/kiranma72/loinc-india/commit/f58444dcff099f1378068b310dac077c637e9b31)

## Learnings

- I gained experience in implementing toast notifications using libraries like react-toastify. Toast notifications provide a user-friendly way to display messages or alerts to users.

- I integrated email validation into the Spring Boot backend. This ensures that only users with authentic Gmail accounts can perform specific actions. Learning how to validate and authenticate users is a crucial aspect of web application security.

- I have organized the project into different directories and modules, which is essential for maintaining a clean and scalable codebase.

- I learned how to integrate external libraries (like react-toastify) and handle authentication and validation, which are common tasks in web development.

- By improving the UI and adding notifications, I have contributed to a better user experience. Ensuring a smooth and visually appealing user experience is crucial for the success of any application.

- During the development process, I encountered and solved various issues, such as binding functions, CSS styling challenges, and integrating third-party libraries. This problem-solving experience is valuable for future projects.
