---
title: Week 2
author: Sumit Maithani
---

## Milestones
- [x] Review the installation documentation of Sunbird RC to understand the requirements and steps involved in setting up the platform locally.
- [x] Set up a local environment for Sunbird RC by installing and configuring Docker and Docker Compose.
- [x] Modify the Docker Compose file and configuration files as per the provided instructions to match the local environment settings.
- [x] Monitor the logs and verify that the containers are successfully running without any errors.
- [x] Navigate through the Sunbird RC interface to get familiar with the user interface and various functionalities.

## Screenshots / Videos 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GhjpoMbkCAA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Contributions
Note : Soon provide the github repo link

## Learnings
- [x] Acquired in-depth knowledge of the Sunbird RC platform, its architecture, and its components.
- [x] Gained familiarity with the installation process of Sunbird RC through manual setup using Docker Compose.
- [x] Learned to configure and modify Docker Compose files and related configuration files to match the local environment requirements.
- [x] Developed the skills to troubleshoot and resolve issues that arise during the setup and configuration of Sunbird RC.
- [x] Enhanced understanding of containerization technology and its application in deploying complex software systems.