---
title: Week 5
author: Roshan George
---

## Milestones
- [ ] In this milestone, the focus is on creating the user interface (UI) design for the QR code interpreter platform. It should allow users to easily interact with the platform and perform actions such as uploading or scanning QR codes, viewing interpreted information, and accessing additional features. The design should consider factors such as responsiveness, cross-platform compatibility, and accessibility to ensure a seamless user experience.
- [ ] In Milestone 2, the objective is to design the user interface (UI) for the scanner platform. The UI should provide a clean and efficient way for users to scan QR codes using a scanner device or their mobile devices' cameras. The design should include features such as real-time scanning feedback, error handling, and an intuitive interface for capturing QR codes accurately. The UI should be visually appealing, responsive, and compatible with different devices and screen sizes.
- [ ] Milestone 3 involves testing the API endpoints of the QR code interpreter and scanner platforms using Postman. The API endpoints should be thoroughly tested to ensure their functionality, reliability, and security. Testing should cover various scenarios, such as successful scans, invalid or corrupted QR codes, and error handling. Any issues or bugs identified during testing should be documented and addressed before moving to the next milestone.
- [ ] In Milestone 4, the focus is on integrating the UI designs with the backend systems and performing comprehensive system testing. This involves connecting the UI components with the API endpoints and ensuring seamless communication between the frontend and backend. System testing should cover various use cases, including successful QR code interpretation, accurate scanning, handling of different QR code formats, and performance under different loads. Any issues or discrepancies identified should be resolved, and necessary optimizations should be made to improve the overall system performance and user experience.

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions
- [Documentation](https://github.com/beckn/beckn-qr-code-generator/issues/5) 
- [Intializing Development server](https://github.com/roshangeorge97/Beckn-QR/commit/640b8afd1bfbde9e4c9e67bf4cf43c87ac0f6b66)

## Learnings
- [] One of the learnings I gained is the importance of understanding what data should be included in a QR code. This involves considering the purpose of the QR code and the specific information that needs to be encoded.
- [] I learned how to integrate BeckN with the Client-Knowledge Network, enabling seamless communication and data exchange between the back-end and front-end components.