---
title: Week 4
author: Roshan George
---

## Milestones
- [ ] Research for search building block taking various platforms and find out the common fields which should be taken in consideration for search building block.
- [ ] Research different ways in which search can be done using BECKN protocols for different domains ex- mobility, healthcare, ecommerce.
- [ ] Documenting List of functionalities to be implemented by back end on the Seach building block.
- [ ] Documenting the sequence diagram for each functionality of the Search building block.

## Screenshots / Videos 

## Contributions
- [Documentation - Task 1](https://github.com/beckn/building-blocks/issues/3)
- [Documentation - Task 2](https://github.com/beckn/building-blocks/issues/5)

## Learnings
- [PPT link of Midpoint demo](https://gamma.app/public/The-Beckn-QR-Project-Enabling-Interoperability-on-Beckn-Networks-qvjz0cocbqqpkcw)
- [ ]  I learned that QR-codes in the BeckN Protocol can serve a wide range of functionalities beyond basic information storage. They can be used for registration, authentication, and providing detailed information about items in shops.
- [ ] The reviewer's guidance made me realize the importance of focusing on the "discovery" aspect. QR-codes act as entry points to various services, enabling users to explore and engage with the BeckN ecosystem more effectively.
- [ ] Learnt to see the entire project in a different angle ie; Scanning QR-codes eliminates the need for manual data entry and simplifies complex processes, leading to a more user-friendly experience overall.
